Nowadays to solve the problems in sharing the documents in cloud computing is challenging ones. Cloud computing surroundings offers people to share resources, services and information. This environment is adopted with the aid of using massive wide variety of organizations, so the fast transition towards the cloud has fuelled worries on safety and security perspective. Encryption algorithms play foremost position in fixing such sort of issues in the cloud computing surroundings.
The structure for cloud safety with efficient safety and security in conversation system and AES primarily based encryption system. This safety architecture may be without difficulty carried out on PaaS, IaaS and SaaS and one time password presents greater extra safety with inside the authenticating users. We are using  pyAESCrypt library packages to secure the files. It is one of the foremost encryption technology. The file sharing standards could be very beneficial withinside the subject like healthcare, navy and a few others fields due to the fact we want to preserve the private information in steady way so we don’t want to provide permission to all kind of users for that most effective we're favored encrypted layout file sharing standards. The sharing of personal data with multiple users from different domains has been benefited considerably from the rapid advances of cloud computing, and it is highly desirable to ensure the sharing file should not be exposed to the unauthorized users or cloud providers. Unfortunately, issues such as achieving the flexible access control of the sharing file, preserving the privacy of the receivers, forming the receiver groups dynamically, and high efficiency in encryption/decryption still remain challenging. By using pyAesCrypt library packages we are going to keep the data in encrypted and original format method by using block cipher technique moreover the store data server is untrusted so we are going to collect the data file and stored in secure manner by using CSRF(Cross-site Request Forgery)Middlware token.

Software Requirements

OS(Operating System)  - Windows XP/7/10	
Programming Language  - Python 3x
Front End or WebTechnologies - HTML 5, CSS, BOOTSTRAP4
Web Frameworks  -  Django 3x
IDE(IntegratedDevlopment Environtment) - PyCharm IDE Community Edition 2018.3.3

Hardware Requirements

RAM  –    4 GB/8 GB for faster output.
Hard Disk  –   500 GB
Miro Processor –   2.0 GHz	
Micro Processor Type  – Core i3/Core i5
